com/simprosys/scan/qrcode/barcode/reader/utility/TitleExtractor.java
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.utility.TitleExtractor
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.utility.TitleExtractor$1
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.utility.TitleExtractor$ContentType
com/simprosys/scan/qrcode/barcode/reader/fragment/QRAndBarCodeGenerateFragment.java
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.fragment.QRAndBarCodeGenerateFragment
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.fragment.QRAndBarCodeGenerateFragment$1
com/simprosys/scan/qrcode/barcode/reader/view/rounderImage/RoundedImageView.java
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.view.rounderImage.RoundedImageView
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.view.rounderImage.RoundedImageView$1
com/viewpagerindicator/TitlePageIndicator.java
 com.viewpagerindicator.TitlePageIndicator
 com.viewpagerindicator.TitlePageIndicator$1
 com.viewpagerindicator.TitlePageIndicator$IndicatorStyle
 com.viewpagerindicator.TitlePageIndicator$LinePosition
 com.viewpagerindicator.TitlePageIndicator$OnCenterItemClickListener
 com.viewpagerindicator.TitlePageIndicator$SavedState
 com.viewpagerindicator.TitlePageIndicator$SavedState$1
com/viewpagerindicator/PageIndicator.java
 com.viewpagerindicator.PageIndicator
com/simprosys/scan/qrcode/barcode/reader/fragment/CreateQRCodeFragment.java
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.fragment.CreateQRCodeFragment
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.fragment.CreateQRCodeFragment$1
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.fragment.CreateQRCodeFragment$2
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.fragment.CreateQRCodeFragment$DeleteAsyncTask
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.fragment.CreateQRCodeFragment$DeleteThread
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.fragment.CreateQRCodeFragment$LoadHistory
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.fragment.CreateQRCodeFragment$LoadHistory$1
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.fragment.CreateQRCodeFragment$LoadHistory$2
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.fragment.CreateQRCodeFragment$LoadHistory$3
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.fragment.CreateQRCodeFragment$LoadHistory$4
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.fragment.CreateQRCodeFragment$SelectedDeleteAsyncTask
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.fragment.CreateQRCodeFragment$SelectedDeleteThread
com/simprosys/scan/qrcode/barcode/reader/database/QRAndBarCodeDataBase.java
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.database.QRAndBarCodeDataBase
com/simprosys/scan/qrcode/barcode/reader/database/table/CreateQRCodeTable.java
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.database.table.CreateQRCodeTable
com/simprosys/scan/qrcode/barcode/reader/adapter/SectionedGridRecyclerViewAdapter.java
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.adapter.SectionedGridRecyclerViewAdapter
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.adapter.SectionedGridRecyclerViewAdapter$1
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.adapter.SectionedGridRecyclerViewAdapter$2
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.adapter.SectionedGridRecyclerViewAdapter$3
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.adapter.SectionedGridRecyclerViewAdapter$Section
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.adapter.SectionedGridRecyclerViewAdapter$SectionViewHolder
com/simprosys/scan/qrcode/barcode/reader/view/rounderImage/Corner.java
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.view.rounderImage.Corner
com/simprosys/scan/qrcode/barcode/reader/activity/SplashScreenActivity.java
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.activity.SplashScreenActivity
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.activity.SplashScreenActivity$1
com/simprosys/scan/qrcode/barcode/reader/model/Theme.java
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.model.Theme
com/simprosys/scan/qrcode/barcode/reader/utility/CsvFileWriter.java
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.utility.CsvFileWriter
com/simprosys/scan/qrcode/barcode/reader/model/Language.java
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.model.Language
com/simprosys/scan/qrcode/barcode/reader/utility/LanguageHelper.java
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.utility.LanguageHelper
com/simprosys/scan/qrcode/barcode/reader/fragment/createQRCodeFragment/barCodeFragment/EAN8Fragment.java
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.fragment.createQRCodeFragment.barCodeFragment.EAN8Fragment
com/simprosys/scan/qrcode/barcode/reader/utility/barcodeUtils/UPCABarcode.java
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.utility.barcodeUtils.UPCABarcode
com/simprosys/scan/qrcode/barcode/reader/fragment/createQRCodeFragment/barCodeFragment/Code39Fragment.java
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.fragment.createQRCodeFragment.barCodeFragment.Code39Fragment
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.fragment.createQRCodeFragment.barCodeFragment.Code39Fragment$1
com/simprosys/scan/qrcode/barcode/reader/fragment/createQRCodeFragment/qrCodeFragment/WhatsAppFragment.java
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.fragment.createQRCodeFragment.qrCodeFragment.WhatsAppFragment
com/simprosys/scan/qrcode/barcode/reader/utility/CodeUtils.java
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.utility.CodeUtils
com/simprosys/scan/qrcode/barcode/reader/fragment/createQRCodeFragment/qrCodeFragment/WifiFragment.java
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.fragment.createQRCodeFragment.qrCodeFragment.WifiFragment
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.fragment.createQRCodeFragment.qrCodeFragment.WifiFragment$1
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.fragment.createQRCodeFragment.qrCodeFragment.WifiFragment$2
com/simprosys/scan/qrcode/barcode/reader/utility/CompressImageHelper.java
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.utility.CompressImageHelper
com/simprosys/scan/qrcode/barcode/reader/adapter/QRAndBarCodeAdapter.java
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.adapter.QRAndBarCodeAdapter
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.adapter.QRAndBarCodeAdapter$1
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.adapter.QRAndBarCodeAdapter$2
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.adapter.QRAndBarCodeAdapter$3
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.adapter.QRAndBarCodeAdapter$OnDeleteClickListener
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.adapter.QRAndBarCodeAdapter$OnDeleteSwipeLayoutListener
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.adapter.QRAndBarCodeAdapter$OnItemClickListener
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.adapter.QRAndBarCodeAdapter$QRAndBarCodeViewHolder
com/simprosys/scan/qrcode/barcode/reader/utility/Utility.java
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.utility.Utility
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.utility.Utility$1
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.utility.Utility$2
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.utility.Utility$3
com/viewpagerindicator/CirclePageIndicator.java
 com.viewpagerindicator.CirclePageIndicator
 com.viewpagerindicator.CirclePageIndicator$1
 com.viewpagerindicator.CirclePageIndicator$SavedState
 com.viewpagerindicator.CirclePageIndicator$SavedState$1
com/simprosys/scan/qrcode/barcode/reader/fragment/CreateQRCodeResultFragment.java
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.fragment.CreateQRCodeResultFragment
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.fragment.CreateQRCodeResultFragment$1
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.fragment.CreateQRCodeResultFragment$2
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.fragment.CreateQRCodeResultFragment$3
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.fragment.CreateQRCodeResultFragment$4
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.fragment.CreateQRCodeResultFragment$5
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.fragment.CreateQRCodeResultFragment$6
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.fragment.CreateQRCodeResultFragment$7
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.fragment.CreateQRCodeResultFragment$BarCodeBitmapThread
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.fragment.CreateQRCodeResultFragment$LoadQRBitmap
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.fragment.CreateQRCodeResultFragment$LoadQRBitmap$1
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.fragment.CreateQRCodeResultFragment$generateBarcodeEncoder
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.fragment.CreateQRCodeResultFragment$generateBarcodeEncoder$1
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.fragment.CreateQRCodeResultFragment$generateQrcode
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.fragment.CreateQRCodeResultFragment$generateQrcode$1
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.fragment.CreateQRCodeResultFragment$qrCodeBitmapThread
com/simprosys/scan/qrcode/barcode/reader/fragment/createQRCodeFragment/qrCodeFragment/LinkedInFragment.java
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.fragment.createQRCodeFragment.qrCodeFragment.LinkedInFragment
com/simprosys/scan/qrcode/barcode/reader/adapter/AppsAdapter.java
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.adapter.AppsAdapter
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.adapter.AppsAdapter$1
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.adapter.AppsAdapter$MyViewHolder
com/simprosys/scan/qrcode/barcode/reader/utility/DatabaseHelper.java
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.utility.DatabaseHelper
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.utility.DatabaseHelper$Database
com/simprosys/scan/qrcode/barcode/reader/fragment/createQRCodeFragment/qrCodeFragment/PhoneNumberFragment.java
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.fragment.createQRCodeFragment.qrCodeFragment.PhoneNumberFragment
com/simprosys/scan/qrcode/barcode/reader/fragment/createQRCodeFragment/barCodeFragment/EAN13Fragment.java
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.fragment.createQRCodeFragment.barCodeFragment.EAN13Fragment
barcodescanner/core/BarcodeScannerView.java
 barcodescanner.core.BarcodeScannerView
com/simprosys/scan/qrcode/barcode/reader/utility/barcodeUtils/AppsBean.java
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.utility.barcodeUtils.AppsBean
com/simprosys/scan/qrcode/barcode/reader/activity/BaseActivity.java
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.activity.BaseActivity
com/simprosys/scan/qrcode/barcode/reader/utility/barcodeUtils/barcode/BarcodeCommon.java
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.utility.barcodeUtils.barcode.BarcodeCommon
com/simprosys/scan/qrcode/barcode/reader/model/QRGenerateItem.java
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.model.QRGenerateItem
com/simprosys/scan/qrcode/barcode/reader/fragment/createQRCodeFragment/qrCodeFragment/VCardFragment.java
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.fragment.createQRCodeFragment.qrCodeFragment.VCardFragment
barcodescanner/core/BarcodeFormat.java
 barcodescanner.core.BarcodeFormat
com/simprosys/scan/qrcode/barcode/reader/adapter/ImageAdapter.java
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.adapter.ImageAdapter
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.adapter.ImageAdapter$1
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.adapter.ImageAdapter$ImageViewHolder
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.adapter.ImageAdapter$OnItemClickListener
com/simprosys/scan/qrcode/barcode/reader/fragment/createQRCodeFragment/qrCodeFragment/SnapChatFragment.java
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.fragment.createQRCodeFragment.qrCodeFragment.SnapChatFragment
barcodescanner/core/IViewFinder.java
 barcodescanner.core.IViewFinder
com/simprosys/scan/qrcode/barcode/reader/utility/barcodeUtils/Code128Barcode.java
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.utility.barcodeUtils.Code128Barcode
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.utility.barcodeUtils.Code128Barcode$1
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.utility.barcodeUtils.Code128Barcode$Entry
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.utility.barcodeUtils.Code128Barcode$TYPES
com/simprosys/scan/qrcode/barcode/reader/utility/barcodeUtils/Code39Barcode.java
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.utility.barcodeUtils.Code39Barcode
com/simprosys/scan/qrcode/barcode/reader/intro/IntroFragment.java
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.intro.IntroFragment
com/simprosys/scan/qrcode/barcode/reader/utility/Constant.java
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.utility.Constant
com/simprosys/scan/qrcode/barcode/reader/fragment/createQRCodeFragment/qrCodeFragment/TextFragment.java
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.fragment.createQRCodeFragment.qrCodeFragment.TextFragment
com/simprosys/scan/qrcode/barcode/reader/fragment/createQRCodeFragment/qrCodeFragment/TwitterFragment.java
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.fragment.createQRCodeFragment.qrCodeFragment.TwitterFragment
com/viewpagerindicator/UnderlinePageIndicator.java
 com.viewpagerindicator.UnderlinePageIndicator
 com.viewpagerindicator.UnderlinePageIndicator$1
 com.viewpagerindicator.UnderlinePageIndicator$2
 com.viewpagerindicator.UnderlinePageIndicator$SavedState
 com.viewpagerindicator.UnderlinePageIndicator$SavedState$1
com/simprosys/scan/qrcode/barcode/reader/fragment/ScannerFragment.java
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.fragment.ScannerFragment
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.fragment.ScannerFragment$1
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.fragment.ScannerFragment$2
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.fragment.ScannerFragment$3
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.fragment.ScannerFragment$4
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.fragment.ScannerFragment$5
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.fragment.ScannerFragment$6
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.fragment.ScannerFragment$7
com/simprosys/scan/qrcode/barcode/reader/intro/IntroActivity.java
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.intro.IntroActivity
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.intro.IntroActivity$1
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.intro.IntroActivity$2
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.intro.IntroActivity$IntroPagerAdapter
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.intro.IntroActivity$UpdateOldDatabase
com/simprosys/scan/qrcode/barcode/reader/activity/BarcodeView.java
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.activity.BarcodeView
com/simprosys/scan/qrcode/barcode/reader/fragment/createQRCodeFragment/qrCodeFragment/EmailFragment.java
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.fragment.createQRCodeFragment.qrCodeFragment.EmailFragment
com/simprosys/scan/qrcode/barcode/reader/utility/barcodeUtils/EAN13Barcode.java
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.utility.barcodeUtils.EAN13Barcode
com/simprosys/scan/qrcode/barcode/reader/view/ShadowLayout.java
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.view.ShadowLayout
com/simprosys/scan/qrcode/barcode/reader/view/FragNavTransactionOptions.java
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.view.FragNavTransactionOptions
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.view.FragNavTransactionOptions$1
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.view.FragNavTransactionOptions$Builder
com/simprosys/scan/qrcode/barcode/reader/appConfiguration/AppController.java
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.appConfiguration.AppController
com/simprosys/scan/qrcode/barcode/reader/fragment/createQRCodeFragment/qrCodeFragment/WebSiteFragment.java
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.fragment.createQRCodeFragment.qrCodeFragment.WebSiteFragment
com/simprosys/scan/qrcode/barcode/reader/adapter/LanguageSelectionAdapter.java
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.adapter.LanguageSelectionAdapter
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.adapter.LanguageSelectionAdapter$1
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.adapter.LanguageSelectionAdapter$LanguageSelectionViewHolder
com/simprosys/scan/qrcode/barcode/reader/fragment/createQRCodeFragment/barCodeFragment/UPCAFragment.java
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.fragment.createQRCodeFragment.barCodeFragment.UPCAFragment
com/simprosys/scan/qrcode/barcode/reader/fragment/createQRCodeFragment/qrCodeFragment/SMSFragment.java
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.fragment.createQRCodeFragment.qrCodeFragment.SMSFragment
com/simprosys/scan/qrcode/barcode/reader/fragment/createQRCodeFragment/qrCodeFragment/LocationFragment.java
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.fragment.createQRCodeFragment.qrCodeFragment.LocationFragment
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.fragment.createQRCodeFragment.qrCodeFragment.LocationFragment$1
com/simprosys/scan/qrcode/barcode/reader/fragment/createQRCodeFragment/barCodeFragment/UPCEFragment.java
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.fragment.createQRCodeFragment.barCodeFragment.UPCEFragment
com/simprosys/scan/qrcode/barcode/reader/fragment/createQRCodeFragment/qrCodeFragment/EventFragment.java
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.fragment.createQRCodeFragment.qrCodeFragment.EventFragment
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.fragment.createQRCodeFragment.qrCodeFragment.EventFragment$1
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.fragment.createQRCodeFragment.qrCodeFragment.EventFragment$2
com/simprosys/scan/qrcode/barcode/reader/model/QRAndBarCode.java
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.model.QRAndBarCode
com/simprosys/scan/qrcode/barcode/reader/model/ImageItem.java
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.model.ImageItem
com/simprosys/scan/qrcode/barcode/reader/view/CustomViewPager.java
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.view.CustomViewPager
com/simprosys/scan/qrcode/barcode/reader/utility/ThemeUtil.java
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.utility.ThemeUtil
com/simprosys/scan/qrcode/barcode/reader/fragment/createQRCodeFragment/qrCodeFragment/FaceBookFragment.java
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.fragment.createQRCodeFragment.qrCodeFragment.FaceBookFragment
com/simprosys/scan/qrcode/barcode/reader/activity/LanguageActivity.java
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.activity.LanguageActivity
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.activity.LanguageActivity$1
com/viewpagerindicator/IconPagerAdapter.java
 com.viewpagerindicator.IconPagerAdapter
com/simprosys/scan/qrcode/barcode/reader/fragment/createQRCodeFragment/barCodeFragment/Code128Fragment.java
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.fragment.createQRCodeFragment.barCodeFragment.Code128Fragment
com/simprosys/scan/qrcode/barcode/reader/view/CircleImageView.java
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.view.CircleImageView
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.view.CircleImageView$1
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.view.CircleImageView$OutlineProvider
com/simprosys/scan/qrcode/barcode/reader/activity/HomeActivity.java
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.activity.HomeActivity
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.activity.HomeActivity$1
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.activity.HomeActivity$2
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.activity.HomeActivity$3
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.activity.HomeActivity$4
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.activity.HomeActivity$5
com/simprosys/scan/qrcode/barcode/reader/adapter/ThemeAdapter.java
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.adapter.ThemeAdapter
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.adapter.ThemeAdapter$1
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.adapter.ThemeAdapter$OnItemClickListener
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.adapter.ThemeAdapter$ThemeViewHolder
barcodescanner/core/ViewFinderView.java
 barcodescanner.core.ViewFinderView
com/simprosys/scan/qrcode/barcode/reader/utility/barcodeUtils/barcode/IBarcode.java
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.utility.barcodeUtils.barcode.IBarcode
barcodescanner/core/CameraUtils.java
 barcodescanner.core.CameraUtils
com/simprosys/scan/qrcode/barcode/reader/utility/RecyclerItemClickListener.java
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.utility.RecyclerItemClickListener
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.utility.RecyclerItemClickListener$1
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.utility.RecyclerItemClickListener$OnItemClickListener
barcodescanner/core/CameraPreview.java
 barcodescanner.core.CameraPreview
 barcodescanner.core.CameraPreview$1
 barcodescanner.core.CameraPreview$2
com/viewpagerindicator/IconPageIndicator.java
 com.viewpagerindicator.IconPageIndicator
 com.viewpagerindicator.IconPageIndicator$1
barcodescanner/core/ZXingScannerView.java
 barcodescanner.core.ZXingScannerView
 barcodescanner.core.ZXingScannerView$1
 barcodescanner.core.ZXingScannerView$ResultHandler
com/simprosys/scan/qrcode/barcode/reader/view/SwitchButton.java
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.view.SwitchButton
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.view.SwitchButton$1
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.view.SwitchButton$2
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.view.SwitchButton$3
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.view.SwitchButton$OnCheckedChangeListener
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.view.SwitchButton$ViewState
com/simprosys/scan/qrcode/barcode/reader/database/table/HistoryTable.java
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.database.table.HistoryTable
com/simprosys/scan/qrcode/barcode/reader/fragment/HistoryFragment.java
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.fragment.HistoryFragment
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.fragment.HistoryFragment$1
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.fragment.HistoryFragment$2
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.fragment.HistoryFragment$3
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.fragment.HistoryFragment$4
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.fragment.HistoryFragment$5
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.fragment.HistoryFragment$CSVFileAsyncTask
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.fragment.HistoryFragment$CSVFileThread
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.fragment.HistoryFragment$DeleteAsyncTask
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.fragment.HistoryFragment$DeleteAsyncTask2
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.fragment.HistoryFragment$DeleteThread
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.fragment.HistoryFragment$DeleteThread2
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.fragment.HistoryFragment$LoadHistory
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.fragment.HistoryFragment$LoadHistory$1
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.fragment.HistoryFragment$LoadHistory$2
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.fragment.HistoryFragment$LoadHistory$3
com/simprosys/scan/qrcode/barcode/reader/view/FragNavController.java
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.view.FragNavController
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.view.FragNavController$1
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.view.FragNavController$Builder
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.view.FragNavController$RootFragmentListener
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.view.FragNavController$TabIndex
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.view.FragNavController$TransactionListener
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.view.FragNavController$TransactionType
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.view.FragNavController$Transit
com/simprosys/scan/qrcode/barcode/reader/database/query/Query.java
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.database.query.Query
com/simprosys/scan/qrcode/barcode/reader/activity/ThemeActivity.java
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.activity.ThemeActivity
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.activity.ThemeActivity$1
com/simprosys/scan/qrcode/barcode/reader/view/SwipeLayout.java
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.view.SwipeLayout
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.view.SwipeLayout$1
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.view.SwipeLayout$2
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.view.SwipeLayout$3
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.view.SwipeLayout$SwipeActionsListener
com/simprosys/scan/qrcode/barcode/reader/utility/URLSpanNoUnderline.java
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.utility.URLSpanNoUnderline
barcodescanner/core/CameraWrapper.java
 barcodescanner.core.CameraWrapper
com/viewpagerindicator/TabPageIndicator.java
 com.viewpagerindicator.TabPageIndicator
 com.viewpagerindicator.TabPageIndicator$1
 com.viewpagerindicator.TabPageIndicator$2
 com.viewpagerindicator.TabPageIndicator$OnTabReselectedListener
 com.viewpagerindicator.TabPageIndicator$TabView
com/simprosys/scan/qrcode/barcode/reader/fragment/createQRCodeFragment/qrCodeFragment/InstagramFragment.java
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.fragment.createQRCodeFragment.qrCodeFragment.InstagramFragment
com/simprosys/scan/qrcode/barcode/reader/view/rounderImage/RoundedDrawable.java
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.view.rounderImage.RoundedDrawable
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.view.rounderImage.RoundedDrawable$1
com/viewpagerindicator/IcsLinearLayout.java
 com.viewpagerindicator.IcsLinearLayout
com/simprosys/scan/qrcode/barcode/reader/view/FragmentHistory.java
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.view.FragmentHistory
com/simprosys/scan/qrcode/barcode/reader/AppsActivity.java
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.AppsActivity
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.AppsActivity$1
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.AppsActivity$2
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.AppsActivity$3
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.AppsActivity$4
barcodescanner/core/CameraHandlerThread.java
 barcodescanner.core.CameraHandlerThread
 barcodescanner.core.CameraHandlerThread$1
 barcodescanner.core.CameraHandlerThread$1$1
com/viewpagerindicator/LinePageIndicator.java
 com.viewpagerindicator.LinePageIndicator
 com.viewpagerindicator.LinePageIndicator$1
 com.viewpagerindicator.LinePageIndicator$SavedState
 com.viewpagerindicator.LinePageIndicator$SavedState$1
barcodescanner/core/DisplayUtils.java
 barcodescanner.core.DisplayUtils
com/simprosys/scan/qrcode/barcode/reader/adapter/QRAndBarCodeGenerateAdapter.java
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.adapter.QRAndBarCodeGenerateAdapter
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.adapter.QRAndBarCodeGenerateAdapter$1
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.adapter.QRAndBarCodeGenerateAdapter$OnItemClickListener
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.adapter.QRAndBarCodeGenerateAdapter$QRAndBarCodeGenerateViewHolder
com/simprosys/scan/qrcode/barcode/reader/utility/barcodeUtils/UPCEBarcode.java
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.utility.barcodeUtils.UPCEBarcode
com/simprosys/scan/qrcode/barcode/reader/utility/SharedPreferenceHelper.java
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.utility.SharedPreferenceHelper
com/simprosys/scan/qrcode/barcode/reader/view/rounderImage/RoundedTransformationBuilder.java
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.view.rounderImage.RoundedTransformationBuilder
com/simprosys/scan/qrcode/barcode/reader/fragment/SettingFragment.java
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.fragment.SettingFragment
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.fragment.SettingFragment$1
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.fragment.SettingFragment$2
com/simprosys/scan/qrcode/barcode/reader/fragment/BaseFragment.java
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.fragment.BaseFragment
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.fragment.BaseFragment$FragmentNavigation
com/simprosys/scan/qrcode/barcode/reader/BuildConfig.java
 com.simprosys.scan.qrcode.barcode.reader.BuildConfig
